docs/sdk/account-abstraction/custom-modules.md, before:

---
sidebar_position: 3
---

# Custom Modules

## Demo

import SubscribeExample from '@site/src/components/SubscribeExample';

<SubscribeExample />

<br/>

This demo showcases NFT subscription, which is implemented as a custom module.

Click the "Subscribe" button, then click the "Release" button to release an NFT to the subscriber.  The release is done by the NFT creator, showcasing that we can charge the subscriber without the subscriber having to send any transaction.

If everything works, after clicking "Release" you should see your NFT balance go up and your MATIC balance go down.


## Introduction

ZeroKit is built on top of Gnosis Safe, the most widely used smart contract wallet.  As a result, ZeroKit inherits [Safe's "modules" system](https://docs.gnosis-safe.io/learn/safe-tools/modules-1).

Modules are smart contracts.  When an owner enables a module for their account, they are allowing the smart contract to send transactions from their account.  The security of the module derives from the fact that, being a smart contract, it can only send transactions under the conditions specified in the contract.

Sounds too abstract?  In this tutorial, we will walk you through building a module that enables NFT subscriptions.  That is, we want a user to subscribe to an NFT collection, such that they can passively receive NFTs and pay automatically from their account, all without having to send any transactions.

## The smart contract

Here's the module contract we will be using.  It has not been audited so do not use it in production.

```solidity
// SPDX-License-Identifier: GPL-3.0
pragma solidity ^0.8.15;

import "@openzeppelin/contracts/token/ERC721/IERC721.sol";
import "@gnosis.pm/zodiac/contracts/core/Module.sol";

interface GnosisSafe {
    /// @dev Allows a Module to execute a Safe transaction without any further confirmations.
    /// @param to Destination address of module transaction.
    /// @param value Ether value of module transaction.
    /// @param data Data payload of module transaction.
    /// @param operation Operation type of module transaction.
    function execTransactionFromModule(address to, uint256 value, bytes calldata data, Enum.Operation operation)
        external
        returns (bool success);
}

// A Gnosis module that allows a user to subscribe to an ERC721 collection.
//
// The user initializes the module with the ERC721 collection address, how much
// they'd like to pay for each NFT, and how often they'd like to be charged.
//
// A designated address can send the user NFTs from this collection to trigger
// the subscription payments.
contract ERC721SubscriptionModule {

    IERC721 public erc721collection;
    address public sender;
    uint256 public price;
    uint256 public period;

    // map receiver to the timestamp at which they last paid
    mapping(address => uint256) lastPayments;

    // erc721collection: the address of the ERC721 collection we are subscribing to
    // sender: the address that can send NFTs to owner to trigger the subscription payments
    // price: the amount to pay for each NFT
    // period: the minimal amount of time between payments
    constructor(address _erc721collection, address _sender, uint256 _price, uint256 _period) {
        erc721collection = IERC721(_erc721collection);
        sender = _sender;
        price = _price;
        period = _period;
    }

    function triggerPayment(address _receiver, uint256 _tokenId) public {
        // grab the NFT, which presumably has been approved by the sender
        erc721collection.transferFrom(sender, _receiver, _tokenId);

        // revert if the payment period has not elapsed
        uint256 lastPayment = lastPayments[_receiver];
        if (block.timestamp < lastPayment + period) {
            revert("Payment period has not elapsed");
        }

        // pay the subscription fee
        GnosisSafe safe = GnosisSafe(_receiver);
        bool success = safe.execTransactionFromModule(
            address(this),
            price,
            abi.encodePacked(bytes4(keccak256("transferETH()"))),
            Enum.Operation.Call
        );

        if (!success) {
            revert("Payment failed");
        }

        lastPayments[_receiver] = block.timestamp;
    }

    // meant to be delegate called
    function transferETH() payable public {
        (bool sent, ) = sender.call{value: msg.value}("");
        require(sent, "Failed to send Ether");
    }

}
```

It's a long contract, but the gist of it is that:

- In the module's constructor, we specify an NFT collection to subscribe to, a `sender` who will be sending NFTs to subscribers in exchange for payments, the `price` of each NFT, and the `period` of the subscription.

- To subscribe to the NFT collection, an account enables this module (we will explain how).

- The `sender` calls the `triggerPayment` function to send an NFT to a subscriber and receives payment.  `triggerPayment` is programmed such that the `sender` cannot call it more often than what's specified in `period`.

- Inside `triggerPayment`, we execute a transaction from subscriber's account using the `safe.execTransactionFromModule` function.  In this case, the transaction simply transfers ETH to the `sender`.

## Enabling the module

We have already deploy the contract at `0x7ac1ff64156f62dc72dae7c433695042ce5c09c3` on Polygon Mumbai so you don't have to.  Now we just need to enable the module.

To enable a module, use:

```
import * as zd from '@zerodevapp/sdk'

const module = '0x7ac1ff64156f62dc72dae7c433695042ce5c09c3'

await zd.enableModule(signer, module)
```

`signer` is the ZeroKit signer from Wagmi.

## Triggering Payments

To show how different AA features can work beautifully together, we will have the `sender` mint an NFT, approve it for transfer, and send it to the subscriber using `triggerPayment` all in one single bundle:

```jsx
const tx = await zd.execBatch(adminSigner, [
  {
    to: contractAddress.NFT,
    data: nftContract.interface.encodeFunctionData('mint', [adminAddr]),
  },
  {
    to: contractAddress.NFT,
    data: nftContract.interface.encodeFunctionData('approve', [
      contractAddress.Module,
      tokenId,
    ]),
  },
  {
    to: contractAddress.Module,
    data: moduleContract.interface.encodeFunctionData('triggerPayment', [
      address,
      tokenId,
    ]),
  },
])
```

## Putting everything together 

Now let's see NFT subscription in action!

DEMO UPCOMING

And check out the full source code here: UPCOMING

Commit message:

Make it clear that you need MATIC

docs/sdk/account-abstraction/custom-modules.md, after:

---
sidebar_position: 3
---

# Custom Modules

## Demo

import SubscribeExample from '@site/src/components/SubscribeExample';

<SubscribeExample />

<br/>

This demo showcases NFT subscription, which is implemented as a custom module.

Make sure to first send yourself some [Polygon Mumbai MATIC](https://faucet.polygon.technology/) to pay for the subscription.

Click the "Subscribe" button, then click the "Release" button to release an NFT to the subscriber.  The release is done by the NFT creator, showcasing that we can charge the subscriber without the subscriber having to send any transaction.

If everything works, after clicking "Release" you should see your NFT balance go up and your MATIC balance go down.


## Introduction

ZeroKit is built on top of Gnosis Safe, the most widely used smart contract wallet.  As a result, ZeroKit inherits [Safe's "modules" system](https://docs.gnosis-safe.io/learn/safe-tools/modules-1).

Modules are smart contracts.  When an owner enables a module for their account, they are allowing the smart contract to send transactions from their account.  The security of the module derives from the fact that, being a smart contract, it can only send transactions under the conditions specified in the contract.

Sounds too abstract?  In this tutorial, we will walk you through building a module that enables NFT subscriptions.  That is, we want a user to subscribe to an NFT collection, such that they can passively receive NFTs and pay automatically from their account, all without having to send any transactions.

## The smart contract

Here's the module contract we will be using.  It has not been audited so do not use it in production.

```solidity
// SPDX-License-Identifier: GPL-3.0
pragma solidity ^0.8.15;

import "@openzeppelin/contracts/token/ERC721/IERC721.sol";
import "@gnosis.pm/zodiac/contracts/core/Module.sol";

interface GnosisSafe {
    /// @dev Allows a Module to execute a Safe transaction without any further confirmations.
    /// @param to Destination address of module transaction.
    /// @param value Ether value of module transaction.
    /// @param data Data payload of module transaction.
    /// @param operation Operation type of module transaction.
    function execTransactionFromModule(address to, uint256 value, bytes calldata data, Enum.Operation operation)
        external
        returns (bool success);
}

// A Gnosis module that allows a user to subscribe to an ERC721 collection.
//
// The user initializes the module with the ERC721 collection address, how much
// they'd like to pay for each NFT, and how often they'd like to be charged.
//
// A designated address can send the user NFTs from this collection to trigger
// the subscription payments.
contract ERC721SubscriptionModule {

    IERC721 public erc721collection;
    address public sender;
    uint256 public price;
    uint256 public period;

    // map receiver to the timestamp at which they last paid
    mapping(address => uint256) lastPayments;

    // erc721collection: the address of the ERC721 collection we are subscribing to
    // sender: the address that can send NFTs to owner to trigger the subscription payments
    // price: the amount to pay for each NFT
    // period: the minimal amount of time between payments
    constructor(address _erc721collection, address _sender, uint256 _price, uint256 _period) {
        erc721collection = IERC721(_erc721collection);
        sender = _sender;
        price = _price;
        period = _period;
    }

    function triggerPayment(address _receiver, uint256 _tokenId) public {
        // grab the NFT, which presumably has been approved by the sender
        erc721collection.transferFrom(sender, _receiver, _tokenId);

        // revert if the payment period has not elapsed
        uint256 lastPayment = lastPayments[_receiver];
        if (block.timestamp < lastPayment + period) {
            revert("Payment period has not elapsed");
        }

        // pay the subscription fee
        GnosisSafe safe = GnosisSafe(_receiver);
        bool success = safe.execTransactionFromModule(
            address(this),
            price,
            abi.encodePacked(bytes4(keccak256("transferETH()"))),
            Enum.Operation.Call
        );

        if (!success) {
            revert("Payment failed");
        }

        lastPayments[_receiver] = block.timestamp;
    }

    // meant to be delegate called
    function transferETH() payable public {
        (bool sent, ) = sender.call{value: msg.value}("");
        require(sent, "Failed to send Ether");
    }

}
```

It's a long contract, but the gist of it is that:

- In the module's constructor, we specify an NFT collection to subscribe to, a `sender` who will be sending NFTs to subscribers in exchange for payments, the `price` of each NFT, and the `period` of the subscription.

- To subscribe to the NFT collection, an account enables this module (we will explain how).

- The `sender` calls the `triggerPayment` function to send an NFT to a subscriber and receives payment.  `triggerPayment` is programmed such that the `sender` cannot call it more often than what's specified in `period`.

- Inside `triggerPayment`, we execute a transaction from subscriber's account using the `safe.execTransactionFromModule` function.  In this case, the transaction simply transfers ETH to the `sender`.

## Enabling the module

We have already deploy the contract at `0x7ac1ff64156f62dc72dae7c433695042ce5c09c3` on Polygon Mumbai so you don't have to.  Now we just need to enable the module.

To enable a module, use:

```
import * as zd from '@zerodevapp/sdk'

const module = '0x7ac1ff64156f62dc72dae7c433695042ce5c09c3'

await zd.enableModule(signer, module)
```

`signer` is the ZeroKit signer from Wagmi.

## Triggering Payments

To show how different AA features can work beautifully together, we will have the `sender` mint an NFT, approve it for transfer, and send it to the subscriber using `triggerPayment` all in one single bundle:

```jsx
const tx = await zd.execBatch(adminSigner, [
  {
    to: contractAddress.NFT,
    data: nftContract.interface.encodeFunctionData('mint', [adminAddr]),
  },
  {
    to: contractAddress.NFT,
    data: nftContract.interface.encodeFunctionData('approve', [
      contractAddress.Module,
      tokenId,
    ]),
  },
  {
    to: contractAddress.Module,
    data: moduleContract.interface.encodeFunctionData('triggerPayment', [
      address,
      tokenId,
    ]),
  },
])
```

## Putting everything together 

Now let's see NFT subscription in action!

DEMO UPCOMING

And check out the full source code here: UPCOMING
