docs/infrastructure.md, before:

---
sidebar_position: 7
---

# Infrastructure

If you are familiar with [ERC-4337](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-4337), you might know that UserOps are relayed by servers known as "bundlers."  Furthermore, some paymasters rely on off-chain servers, such as the one ZeroDev uses to sponsor gas for users. 

ZeroDev uses a unique "meta infrastructure" -- we work with various bundler/paymaster providers and shard the traffic among them.  Critically, ZeroDev has developed a transparent fallback mechanism, so that when one bundler or paymaster fails, we transparently fail over to another provider, so the end user doesn't notice any downtime.

Since AA (ERC-4337) is a new technology, downtime is not uncommon with any given AA infra provider -- a fact we learned firsthand through working with many large AA applications.  Therefore, ZeroDev's meta infrastructure has proven critical for serving high-volume AA applications, since it hides the failures of any given infra provider and provides the highest possible uptime by aggregating all infra providers.

Commit message:

Document how to switch bundlers

docs/infrastructure.md, after:

---
sidebar_position: 7
---

# Supported Bundlers

In [ERC-4337](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-4337), UserOps are relayed by servers known as "bundlers," and their gas can paid for by "paymasters."

ZeroDev uses a unique "meta infrastructure" -- we work with various bundler/paymaster providers and shard the traffic between them.  When you use a ZeroDev, you can specify the provider you'd like to use (if you don't, we just pick a default one for you).

We currently support the following providers (in alphabetical order):

- Alchemy
- Gelato
- Pimlico
- StackUp

Since AA is a new technology, it's not uncommon to run into stability issues with the underlying provider.  If you do, you can simply switch to another provider with our SDK.

To specify a provider, use the `bundlerProvider` flag when you initialize the SDK:

```typescript
const ecdsaProvider = await ECDSAProvider.init({
  // ...other options
  opts: {
    // this can be "ALCHEMY", "GELATO", "PIMLICO", "STACKUP"
    bundlerProvider: "PROVIDER_NAME",
  }
})
```
